Docs/overview edits (#118)
archway-network/archway-docs: docs/overview/about.md

# About Archway

Archway is an incentivized smart contract platform that rewards developers that build on the network with baked in incentives and rewards.
 

The protocol gives developers the tools to quickly build and launch scalable cross-chain dapps and get rewarded for the value the dapps contribute to the network.

## The Archway Mission

> The overarching goal of Archway is to foster an array of diverse and sustainable applications by empowering and rewarding developers that build on the network

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The overarching goal of Archway is to foster an array of diverse and sustainable applications by empowering and rewarding developers that build on the network.
```

The internet helped democratize access to information, but it hasn't fully democratized access to capital and value. The mission of Archway is to give access to entrepreneurs and developers worldwide who lack access to the same opportunities as their counterparts in more developed nations.

> Built into the protocol itself, Archway rewards developers based on the value and impact of their dapp, rather based on someone's personal connections or close ties to funding. This will level the playing field for many who are locked out of the world of raising capital.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Built into the protocol, Archway rewards developers based on the value and impact of their dapp rather based on someone's connections or close ties to funding. This will level the playing field for many locked out of the world of raising capital.  
```

> Unlike early Web 3 and Web 2.0 platforms, the entrepreneurs and developers who are building on Archway get a true stake in the growth and governance of the protocol itself as all contributors are rewarded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike early Web 3 and Web 2.0 platforms, the entrepreneurs and developers building on Archway get an actual stake in the growth and governance of the protocol itself, as all contributors are rewarded.
```

<!-- Architecture -->

## Architectural Overview

> Archway is a Cosmos SDK blockchain that uses powered by [Tendermint](https://tendermint.com/)  for the networking and consensus layers. The network uses modified Cosmos modules to manage inflation and rewards system including: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Archway is a Cosmos SDK blockchain powered by [Tendermint](https://tendermint.com/) for the networking and consensus layers. The network uses modified Cosmos modules to manage inflation and rewards system, including: 
```

- **Minting** - Responsible for minting tokens and managing inflation.
- **CosmWasm** - A runtime for WebAssembly Smart Contracts.
- **Staking** - Manages the changes to validators.
- **Governance** - Supports the one-vote-per-token voting and governance system for token holders.
- **IBC** - Inter-Blockchain Communication protocol that enables asset transfers across Cosmos blockchains.

In addition to using the predefined Cosmos modules, Archways uses two custom modules for additional features of the network:

- **Rewards** - Calculates and distributes rewards to smart contracts based on the transaction volume it brings to the network.

> - **Tracking** - Enables the tracking of gas consumption on a per transaction basis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Tracking** - Enables the tracking of gas consumption on a transaction basis.
```

Archway creates a Cosmos SDK-based chain with support for WASM smart contract execution that rewards developers for using the deployed smart contracts.

> The combination of both predefined Cosmos modules and customs Archway modules allows the network to deliver the following features:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The combination of both predefined Cosmos modules and custom Archway modules allows the network to deliver the following features:
```

> The combination of both predefined Comsos modules and customs Archway modules allow the network to deliver the below features:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The combination of both predefined Cosmos modules and customs Archway modules allows the network to deliver the following features:
```

- [Fee reward to the developers](#economic-overview)
- [Gas rebate to end users](#gas-rebates)
- [Smart contract premium fee](#smart-contract-fees)
- [Inflation rewards](#inflation)

## Smart Contracts

> The Archway protocol uses [CosmWasm](./glossary.md#cosmwasm), WebAssembly (Wasm), and Rust. Over 40 high-level programming languages support Wasm, including C and C++, Python, Go, Rust, Java, and PHP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Archway protocol uses [CosmWasm](./glossary.md#cosmwasm), WebAssembly (Wasm), Go, and Rust. Over 40 high-level programming languages support Wasm, including C and C++, TypeScript, Python, and Java.
```

### **Difference Between Smart Contracts and Cosmos Chains**

> While Comsos makes it easier for developers to create their own self-sovereign chains, developers still need to attract and sufficiently incentive a strong community validators to run the network. In many cases, it makes sense for a project to first deploy as a dapp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While Cosmos makes it easier for developers to create their self-sovereign chains, developers still need to attract and sufficiently incentive a strong community of validators to run the network. In many cases, it makes sense for a project to deploy as a dapp first.
```

> While Comsos makes it easier for developers to create their own self-sovereign chains, developers still need to attract and sufficiently incentive a strong community validators to run the network. In many cases, it makes sense for a project to first deploy as a dapp.

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't it be "incentivize" rather than "incentive"?

> While Comsos makes it easier for developers to create their own self-sovereign chains, developers still need to attract and sufficiently incentive a strong community validators to run the network. In many cases, it makes sense for a project to first deploy as a dapp.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While Comsos makes it easier for developers to create their own self-sovereign chains, developers still need to attract and sufficiently incentivize a strong community validators to run the network. In many cases, it makes sense for a project to first deploy as a dapp.
```

To achieve the Archway architecture [desired properties](#the-archway-mission), the gas tracking module follows this design:

1) Wrap the [CosmWasm](./glossary.md#cosmwasm) VM with an Archway GasMeter to allow interception and tracking of information passed by the VM.
  
2) During BeginBlock, the recorded information is brought to memory and processed to determine rewards for each of the contracts executed in the last block. 

3) Developers can choose to take the rewards or give the gas rebate to end users to subsidize transaction costs. To enable that choice, use a proxy wrapper. 
    The wrapper expects the developer to specify configuration parameters during the instantiate call. The parameters are related to the gas reward and the instantiation request body. This body is consumed by the wrapper and the contract is sent only instantiation requests which means the contract interface does not need to be changed.

4)  Developer reward payout can happen on demand or automatically at BeginBlock. 
    The disadvantage of on-demand reward is an inferior user experience and results in more transactions just to transfer the rewards. 

>     The advantage of on-demand reward is that the reward is automatically transferred to the designated reward address when it crosses a certain threshold.  

Reviewer: The information on `3` and `4` is outdated.

Reviewer 2: hey @aelesbao where can we find the updated info regarding points `3` and `4`?

> 3) Developers can choose to take the rewards or give the gas rebate to end users to subsidize transaction costs. To enable that choice, use a proxy wrapper. 
>     The wrapper expects the developer to specify configuration parameters during the instantiate call. The parameters are related to the gas reward and the instantiation request body. This body is consumed by the wrapper and the contract is sent only instantiation requests which means the contract interface does not need to be changed.
> 
> 4)  Developer reward payout can happen on demand or automatically at BeginBlock. 
>     The disadvantage of on-demand reward is an inferior user experience and results in more transactions just to transfer the rewards. 
>     The advantage of on-demand reward is that the reward is automatically transferred to the designated reward address when it crosses a certain threshold.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3) Note that Rewards are calculated at a later block than the correspondent transaction with the smart contract

Rewards need to be intentionally claimed through a separate transaction. Also note that while the owner address is allowed to change smart contract metadata, rewards can be claimed **only** by the address specified for receiving rewards
Rewards records
```
